Add Get Help documentation section (#5268)
Slicer/Slicer: Docs/user_guide/get_help.md

# Get Help

[Contact the Slicer community or commercial partners](about.html#contact-us) if you have any questions, bug reports, or enhancement requests.

## I need help in using Slicer

> - I have a question about how to use Slicer for a particular task or I'm not sure things are working right:

Reviewer: `I'm not sure things are working right` -> `I'm not sure things are working correctly`

>   - Type your queston into Google. There is a good chance that your question has been asked and anwered before and all questions ever asked about Slicer are publicly available and indexed by Google.

Reviewer: `queston` -> `question`
`anwered` -> `answered`

>   - Type your queston into Google. There is a good chance that your question has been asked and anwered before and all questions ever asked about Slicer are publicly available and indexed by Google.

Reviewer: Would it be better to search the question into the Slicer Discourse forum directly instead of into Google?  Google might provide unrelated results though I guess the question could be not specific to Slicer either.

  - Try your best to sort out the issue by reading documentation and checking error logs

>     - User and developer manual are available at https://slicer.readthedocs.io

Reviewer: `The User Guide and Developer Guide are both available at https://slicer.readthedocs.io`
The Slicer ReadTheDocs is currently using the terminology "Guide" vs "Manual".

>     - Look at our [portfolio of training materials](https://www.slicer.org/wiki/Documentation/Nightly/Training) and make a google search to see if the question has been discussed.

Reviewer: Again same as an above comment about whether to search google vs the Slicer discourse forum directly

    - Check the Error Log (in menu: View / Error log) to see if there's something misconfigured, such as a directory that is not readable or writable.
  - I am still unclear about what to do: [ask a question on the Slicer Forum](https://discourse.slicer.org)

## I want to report a problem

> If something is definitely not working as it should then [file a bug report in the Slicer issue tracker](https://github.com/Slicer/Slicer/issues/new/choose).

Reviewer: `not working as it should then` -> `not working as intended,`

It is important to provide enough specific information so that a software developer can duplicate the problem. Follow instructions in the bug report template.

> If the problem occurs by using the application from custom code then follow [SSCCE (Short, Self Contained, Correct, Example) approach](http://sscce.org).

Reviewer: `from custom code then follow` -> `from custom code, follow`

Don't be anonymous: real people trying hard to solve real problems are more likely to get valuable help. If you tell about yourself and your project then it is more likely to get the necessary attention.

## I would like to request enhancement or new feature

> First search on the Slicer forum to see if someone asked for this feature already. If you find a very similar request then tell us that you are interested in it, too.

Reviewer: `If you find a very similar request then tell us that you are interested in it, too.` -> `If you find a very similar request, tell us that you are interested in it too.`

> If you cannot find a similar topic on the Slicer forum then write a post in the [Feature request category](https://discourse.slicer.org/c/support/feature-requests)

Reviewer: ` Slicer forum then write a` -> ` Slicer forum, write a`

> Don't be anonymous: If you write about yourself and your project then there is a higher chance that your request will be worked on. Describe what assistance you can offer for the implementation, for example your own time, expertise, funding.

Reviewer: This very similar to one of the above lines:
`Don't be anonymous: real people trying hard to solve real problems are more likely to get valuable help. If you tell about yourself and your project then it is more likely to get the necessary attention.`

Maybe it could be in one location instead.

# Get Help

[Contact the Slicer community or commercial partners](about.html#contact-us) if you have any questions, bug reports, or enhancement requests.

## I need help in using Slicer

- You can start with typing your question into Google web search. There is a good chance that your question has been asked and answered before and all questions ever asked about Slicer are publicly available and indexed by Google. Most up-to-date information sources are the Slicer forum (https://discourse.slicer.org) and Slicer documentation on read-the-docs (https://slicer.readthedocs.io/). Google may find older discussions on former Slicer mailing lists and wiki, which may or may not be exactly accurate for current version of Slicer, but may still provide useful hints.
- Try your best to sort out the issue by reading [documentation](https://slicer.readthedocs.io), [portfolio of training materials](https://www.slicer.org/wiki/Documentation/Nightly/Training), and checking error logs (in menu: View / Error log).

> - If you are still unclear about what to do: [ask a question on the Slicer Forum](https://discourse.slicer.org). In addition to describing the specific question, it helps if you describe the context of your question (who you are, what are you working on, why it is important, what is the overall goal of your project). Knowing more about you and your project increases the chance that somebody volunteers to answer the question and you may get more relevant answer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you are still unclear about what to do: [ask a question on the Slicer Forum](https://discourse.slicer.org). In addition to describing the specific question, it helps if you describe the context of your question (who you are, what you are working on, why it is important, what is the overall goal of your project). Knowing more about you and your project increases the chance that somebody volunteers to answer the question and you may get a more relevant answer.
```

If the problem occurs by using the application from custom code, follow [SSCCE (Short, Self Contained, Correct, Example) approach](http://sscce.org).

Don't be anonymous: real people trying hard to solve real problems are more likely to get valuable help. If you tell about yourself and your project then it may get more attention.

## I would like to request enhancement or new feature

First search on the Slicer forum to see if someone asked for this feature already. If you find a very similar request, tell us that you are interested in it too.

If you cannot find a similar topic on the Slicer forum, write a post in the [Feature request category](https://discourse.slicer.org/c/support/feature-requests)

If you write about yourself and your project then there is a higher chance that your request will be worked on. Describe what assistance you can offer for the implementation (your own time, funding, etc.).

## I would like to let the Slicer community know, how Slicer helped me in my research

Please send us the citation for your paper posting in [Community category in Slicer forum](https://discourse.slicer.org/c/community/).

> Background: Funding for Slicer is provided through competitive mechanisms to a large extent by the US government and to a lesser extend through funding from other governments. The justification of for those resources is that Slicer enables scientific work. Knowing about scientific publications enabled by Slicer is a critical step in this process. Given the international nature of the Slicer community, the nationality of the scientists is not important. Every good paper counts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Background: Funding for Slicer is provided through competitive mechanisms primarily by the United States government and to a lesser extent through funding from other governments. The justification for those resources is that Slicer enables scientific work. Knowing about scientific publications enabled by Slicer is a critical step in this process. Given the international nature of the Slicer community, the nationality of the scientists is not important. Every good paper counts.
```
